The military is a great opportunity for people of all different lifestyles.
If you find yourself poor or you don't really know what you're
going to be doing, then the military is a great option. If you're poor
then they're going to give you a salary that takes care of you from
day one. You're never going to have to worry about housing. If you're
financially responsible from that point on, you'll have a steady
income. You'll have a place over your head. You'll know what job
you're going to have the next year. You don't have to worry about being
fired. If you weren't a good student in school, of course there's
a limit that you have to be smart enough to join. You have to be able
to pass the tests that it takes to get there. However, if college
isn't in your future, and if you don't want to do a job that you feel
is very very below your level, then the military can be a great
option, because they have so many different jobs available to you that
you don't need a college degree for. If you're interested in writing,
if you're interested in playing music, or even being an engineer,
many of those jobs require some kind of advanced degree or some kind
of specialized training. But the military, as long as you can pass
the test and that's an option available to you, then you can take
it. So people that don't know what they want to do, people that need
some kind of financial security, people that even want to go to college,
the military has great opportunities for you to further your
education. Be it by getting your degree, by getting advanced certificates,
by just having the vocational experience. For instance, if you
want to join a job later on, you say, well I used to fix aircraft
for the military. You don't even need a degree for that, they can say
that experience is good enough to join this job. So people that want
job expereince, military is a great option.